Update "iframe with interactive elements is not excluded from tab-order" rule to manage inert iframe elements (#2038)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/glossary/modal-dialog.md

---

> title: Modal dialog

Reviewer: I'm concerned this could be confused by the `<dialog>`'s `showModal()` method.

key: modal-dialog
unambiguous: true
objective: true
input_aspects:
  - Accessibility tree
  - CSS styling
  - DOM tree
---

> A modal dialog is a type of user interface element that appears on top of the main content of a [html web page][] or application and requires the user to take some action or make a decision before they can continue interacting with the program.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "type of user interface" is objective.
Same for "main content". 
What is the "program" you mention?

I think this needs to focus on the element preventing interaction with all other elements that are not their children. 

This definition really needs to be objective, because it is used in the applicability of the rule.

> A modal dialog is a type of user interface element that appears on top of the main content of a [html web page][] or application and requires the user to take some action or make a decision before they can continue interacting with the program.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A modal dialog is an element which, until it is closed, prevents user interaction with any content on the web page that is not a descendant element of the modal.  Visually, a modal often (but not necessarily) appears on top of all other content of the [html web page][] and visually darkens or otherwise obscures that other content.
```
Trying to put Carlos' advice into action.
